Now, you don't have to initialize variables as such right away.
Meaning if I wanted to, we could have said something like this.
Let's get rid of this, all of that and make like that notice.
We haven't issued the moment to do that because now if you have it over is going to say variable name
must be initialized because we cannot call on something that hasn't been initialized.
OK, so that means then I can have some conditions here that it could have, but then initialize a variable
that's at a later time and gives a name is equal to James, then this would work.
Of course, if you have over a can say, can be joined with an assignment, that's fine.
That means then I can just click here and it's going to go back to what we had before because the compiler
is trying to help us to write concise code.
But obviously, like I said, you can do this and it's very valid.
And it's also important to remember that because we're writing programs, usually what do you do?
You may have some condition or something you're doing with the data in this case, the variable.
And then you want to set it up to that condition or to to whatever it is that you want.
This variable to hold.
So this is very valid, even though we have in this warning or tip to just declare everything in one
assignment.
We understand when we are creating a variable, there is two as vowel in VAR, but there's also a type
of the variable.
What is it that these variable is going to contain or will accept as its content, if that makes any
sense?
So here we are explicitly saying this is going to be a string type.
The string is a lot of characters together and we always use double quotes to represent a string.
But also there times, obviously, we want to represent numbers.
Yes, different kind of numbers.
And the one of which is an int.
So I can say Val age, I can explicitly say the type, say age.
Notice you say, put Colin in and then say it.
OK.
It's very important to look at the syntax here.
We say int with cap i.
So now age is indeed an integer will hold any integer that is so at some point here I can say age is
equal to 21.
And now I can concatenate all interpolate all of this information so I can say hello, something like
this.
My name is name.
You see there and then I am.
I am C age right to remember because it's a variable right?
I you have to put the dollar sign years old, something like that.
Now if I run C.
Hello, my name is James.
I'm 21 years old and it works.
So this is indeed an integer.
So we said this age is kind of an integer, so it's a whole number twenty one hundred three thousand.
So that's a whole number.
And that's how you would represent simpler numbers I section.